file:///home/ra/bin bin
file:///media/data data
file:///media/resources resources
file:///media/stage stage
file:///home/ra ra
file:///home/.local local
file:///media/data/home/ra ra-common
file:///media/resources/Books Books
file:///home/ra/Downloads Downloads
file:///home/ra/Documents Documents
file:///home/ra/Dropbox Dropbox
file:///media/resources/Graphics Graphics
file:///home/ra/Music Music
file:///home/ra/Pictures Pictures
file:///home/ra/Projects Projects
file:///home/ra/public_html public_html
file:///home/ra/rballen  rballen
file:///home/ra/Trippy-Gods Vedas
file:///media/data/Tools Tools
file:///media/resources/Tutorials Tutorials
file:///home/ra/Videos Videos
file:///home/ra/Dropbox/Media/wallpaper wallpaper
file:///srv/www www
smb://media-net/ media-net
smb://media-net/dropbox/ media-net-dropbox
dav://rballen@owncloud.robuntu.com/remote.php/webdav
